example_mods/Mods/EditionExamples/README.md, before:

# Introduction
A Balatro example mod for adding a custom Editions in Steamodded.

Feel free to copy and use this for any of projects!

## Notes in case you can't read
**If you want an Edition to have more than one of the following:**
- mult
- chips
- x_mult

Then you will have to write the code for it yourself!

**Also as of right now, editions do NOT work with:**
- h_mult (Mult for holding in hand)
- h_x_mult (X Mult for holding in hand)

Again, you'd have to write it yourself.

## Working with Shaders
[ionized.fs](assets/shaders/ionized.fs) has shader code explanation with comments.
For a general guide, look at [LOVE2D introduction to shaders](https://blogs.love2d.org/content/beginners-guide-shaders).

If you want to see vanilla Balatro shaders, unzip the Balatro.exe and go to `resources/shaders` folder.

To see values for default externs, check out `engine/sprite.lua` -> `Sprite:draw_shader`.


## Useful shaders resources
- [The book of shaders](https://thebookofshaders.com) - beginner friendly introduction to shaders.
- [GLSL Editor](https://patriciogonzalezvivo.github.io/glslEditor/) - preview your fragment shaders live.
- [Inigo Quilez articles](https://iquilezles.org/articles/) - in-depth articles on algorithms and techniques you could use in shaders. A lot of those are for 3D, but there's some 2D stuff as well.
- [Shadertoy](https://www.shadertoy.com) - tons of shaders from other people to learn from. A lot of them are pretty complex and 3D, but you can find simple 2D ones.

Note: in all resources the language is slightly different from LOVE2D shaders language, but the logic works the same way.

Commit message:

eremel was upset that people use his shaders in other mods, other shaders are from the base game or made by me. my shaders are free to use (as long as they're credited)

example_mods/Mods/EditionExamples/README.md, after:

# Introduction
A Balatro example mod for adding custom Editions and Shaders.

Feel free to copy and use this* for any of projects!

***`anaglyphic`, `fluorescent`, `gilded`, `ionized`, `monochrome`, `greyscale` and `overexposed` shaders are not for public use and are only provided for learning purposes! (as requested by Eremel)**

## Notes in case you can't read
**If you want an Edition to have more than one of the following:**
- mult
- chips
- x_mult

Then you will have to write the code for it yourself!

**Also as of right now, editions do NOT work with:**
- h_mult (Mult for holding in hand)
- h_x_mult (X Mult for holding in hand)

Again, you'd have to write it yourself.

## Working with Shaders
[ionized.fs](assets/shaders/ionized.fs) has shader code explanation with comments.
For a general guide, look at [LOVE2D introduction to shaders](https://blogs.love2d.org/content/beginners-guide-shaders).

If you want to see vanilla Balatro shaders, unzip the Balatro.exe and go to `resources/shaders` folder.

To see values for default externs, check out `engine/sprite.lua` -> `Sprite:draw_shader`.


## Useful shaders resources
- [The book of shaders](https://thebookofshaders.com) - beginner friendly introduction to shaders.
- [GLSL Editor](https://patriciogonzalezvivo.github.io/glslEditor/) - preview your fragment shaders live.
- [Inigo Quilez articles](https://iquilezles.org/articles/) - in-depth articles on algorithms and techniques you could use in shaders. A lot of those are for 3D, but there's some 2D stuff as well.
- [Shadertoy](https://www.shadertoy.com) - tons of shaders from other people to learn from. A lot of them are pretty complex and 3D, but you can find simple 2D ones.

Note: in all resources the language is slightly different from LOVE2D shaders language, but the logic works the same way.
